Newcomer from Great Xia
Facing the Waifu of the Fuso player
win in one machine
become famous
Won a place in the finals
Except for Junshan Triple Snow
Who in the world wears white clothes?
Great Xia newcomers contact customers again
Three costume runners skyrocketed
Cast shutdown
Cast glory
Young man is strong
Division comes at its own time
Thank you newcomer for amazing
Big downpour
Mr. Jakes
A message from Gyrin at the end of the song
Somebody broke a world record.
That's unprecedented.
Impossible Impossible
I am what humans can achieve
I have serious doubts about this score
Immediately notify the venue to seal the results and rankings
All staff stay up late
Delay this for 24 hours
Zhao Ruolan
Your performance in the Olympic Games
It's really a woman who doesn't let a man
Full of prizes
I just want to bring glory to my country
Face my dad
Too bad I don't know why
ranking
It will be delayed for 24 hours before it can't pop out.
Don't worry, classmate Zhao.
You're sure to get a great name
This is the motorcade I prepared for you to take you home
When I'm done with the finishing touches for the Olympics
I will also visit you and your father in this village
Thank you mom for saying
You are the face of my company
This treatment is deserved
Come and get in the car
Mr. Ma's name has not been released
You sign Zhao Ruolan as an endorsement
They sent him a motorcade.
Aren't you worried that he will fail?
He has the loyalty and filial piety of Daxia's children
Li Yi has won glory for the country again
Results can never be fake
He is worth my investment